---
layout: post
title: Donors
description: Supporters the preservation of the legacy of Utah Construction/Utah International
image: assets/images/pic04.jpg
name: normalPost
---

Weber State Stewart Library would like to thank the donors who have supported the preservation of the legacy of Utah Construction/Utah International.

Special thank you to the Edmund & Jeannik Littlefield Foundation for its generous donations that have made the preservation and digitization of the collection possible.

<ul>
<li>Brindle Foundation</li>
<li>Frances W Burton Foundation</li>
<li>George E., Sr. and Linda F. Caine</li>
<li>T. Kelly Dalton</li>
<li>Lawrence T. Dee - Janet T. Dee Foundation</li>
<li>Thomas D., III and Candace C. Dee</li>
<li>Ray and Martha Donnenwirth</li>
<li>Jane B. Dunaway</li>
<li>Edmund W. and Carol B. Dumke</li>
<li>Ezekiel R., Jr. and Katherine W. Dumke</li>
<li>Ezekiel R., III and Angela S. Dumke</li>
<li>David A. Eccles</li>
<li>David C. and Carol O. Eccles</li>
<li>George S. and Dolores Doré Eccles Foundation</li>
<li>M. Val and Valerie Eccles</li>
<li>Marriner C. Eccles</li>
<li>David W. and Judith N. Ellingson</li>
<li>Tena D. and William Farr</li>
<li>Maren E. Hardy</li>
<li>William H. and Mattie Wattis Harris Foundation</li>
<li>Hope Hayward</li>
<li>Martha Ann D. Healy</li>
<li>C. Charles, III and Elise G. Hetzel</li>
<li>Henry H and Angela M. Hite</li>
<li>James C. Hoellein</li>
<li>Joan Hubbard</li>
<li>John C. Jarman</li>
<li>John W. Jarman</li>
<li>The Kimball Foundation</li>
<li>William R., Jr. and Gretchen Kimball</li>
<li>Judith E. and Robert J. Kretz</li>
<li>Edmund & Jeannik Littlefield Foundation</li>
<li>Sarah Langsdon</li>
<li>Sharon R. and Rudolph Lewis</li>
<li>Michael J. and Brenda N. McNamara</li>
<li>Patricia McNamara</li>
<li>Ann B. and Joseph A. Michael</li>
<li>William and Helen T. Mulder</li>
<li>Jay C. and Dee Ann Nye</li>
<li>Jeanne B. Olsen</li>
<li>Howard A. Olsen</li>
<li>Patrick E. Poce</li>
<li>Michael R. and Ann S. Polk</li>
<li>Donald W. Pollock</li>
<li>Richard H. and Hannelore M. Romney</li>
<li>Claire D. and Stephen Ryberg</li>
<li>Nancy Schwanfelder</li>
<li>John R. Sillito</li>
<li>Denise Sobel</li>
<li>Julie A. Stapley</li>
<li>Karen A. Stock</li>
<li>James R. Tobin, Jr</li>
<li>Betsy D. and Scott W. Thornton</li>
<li>Washington Mutual Matching Gift Program</li>
<li>Maysie E. Watts</li>
<li>Wattis Dumke Foundation</li>
<li>Paul L., Jr. and Willene H. Wattis</li>
<li>Paul Lyman, III and Anne M. Wattis</li>
<li>Paul L. Wattis Foundation</li>
<li>Phyllis C. Wattis Foundation</li>
<li>Rodney W. Wattis</li>
<li>Alexander M. and Beverlee E. Wilson</li>
<li>Wishes are Forever Foundation</li>
<li>Robert M.,Sr. and Cleone E. Yeates</li>
<li>Yellowstone Historic Center Inc.</li>
</ul>
